[RDY] Moved prombench to subdirectory prombench (#266)
prometheus/test-infra: README.md

# test-infra

> This repository contains tools and configuration files for the testing and benchmarking needs of the Prometheus project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains tools and configuration files for the testing and benchmarking used in the Prometheus project.
```

### [`/prombench`](/prombench)

> Prombench performs automated E2E testing and benchmarking for Prometheus. It is a set of Kubernetes manifest files, tools and the prombench command line tool itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prombench is  a project for an automated E2E testing and benchmarking for Prometheus. 
See [prombench/README.md](prombench/README.md) for full description.
```

best to NOT add implementation details here and just point to the full read me file.
the same for funcbench

### [`/funcbench`](/funcbench)

> A tool used as a GitHub action to run a `go test -bench` and compare changes from a PR against another branch. The benchmark is triggered by creating a comment which specifies a branch to compare. The results are then posted back as a PR comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Funcbench is a project for running `go test -bench` on 2 different branches and showing the difference.
See [funcbench/README.md](funcbench/README.md) for full description.
```

## Buliding test-infra tools from source

> To build test-infra related tools from source you need to have a working Go environment with go modules enabled. It uses [promu](https://github.com/prometheus/promu) to build the binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a working go modules enabled Go environment:
 - Install [promu](https://github.com/prometheus/promu): `go install https://github.com/prometheus/promu`
 - `promu build`
```

# test-infra

> This repository contains tools and configuration files for the testing and benchmarking used in the Prometheus project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## This repository contains tools and configuration files for the testing and benchmarking used in the Prometheus project.
```

### [`/prombench`](/prombench)
Prombench is a project for automated E2E testing and benchmarking for Prometheus.

See [prombench/README.md](prombench/README.md) for full description.

### [`/funcbench`](/funcbench)
Funcbench is a project for running `go test -bench` on 2 different branches and showing the difference.

See [funcbench/README.md](funcbench/README.md) for full description.

> ## Buliding test-infra tools from source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Buliding from source
```

> # test-infra

Reviewer: don't think it is needed, can make the next line a small title.
```suggestion
```
